c:\users\sbima\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SLIMS\SLIMS\bin\Debug\SLIMS.exe.config
c:\users\sbima\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SLIMS\SLIMS\bin\Debug\SLIMS.exe
c:\users\sbima\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SLIMS\SLIMS\bin\Debug\SLIMS.pdb
c:\users\sbima\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SLIMS\SLIMS\bin\Debug\SLIMS.xml
c:\users\sbima\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SLIMS\SLIMS\obj\Debug\SLIMS.Resources.resources
c:\users\sbima\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SLIMS\SLIMS\obj\Debug\SLIMS.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\sbima\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SLIMS\SLIMS\obj\Debug\SLIMS.exe
c:\users\sbima\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SLIMS\SLIMS\obj\Debug\SLIMS.xml
c:\users\sbima\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SLIMS\SLIMS\obj\Debug\SLIMS.pdb
c:\users\sbima\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SLIMS\SLIMS\obj\Debug\SLIMS.FormAdmin.resources
c:\users\sbima\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SLIMS\SLIMS\obj\Debug\SLIMS.FormLogin.resources
c:\users\sbima\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SLIMS\SLIMS\obj\Debug\SLIMS.FormMember.resources
C:\Users\sbima\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SLIMS\SLIMS\obj\Debug\SLIMS.UserControlDashboard.resources
C:\Users\sbima\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SLIMS\SLIMS\obj\Debug\SLIMS.UserControlBorrowBooks.resources
C:\Users\sbima\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SLIMS\SLIMS\obj\Debug\SLIMS.UserControlAccountManagement.resources
C:\Users\sbima\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SLIMS\SLIMS\obj\Debug\SLIMS.UserControlReturnBooks.resources
C:\Users\sbima\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SLIMS\SLIMS\obj\Debug\SLIMS.MemberControlHome.resources
C:\Users\sbima\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SLIMS\SLIMS\obj\Debug\SLIMS.MemberControlHistory.resources
C:\Users\sbima\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SLIMS\SLIMS\obj\Debug\SLIMS.MemberControlComment.resources
C:\Users\sbima\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SLIMS\SLIMS\obj\Debug\SLIMS.MemberControlRank.resources
C:\Users\sbima\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SLIMS\SLIMS\obj\Debug\SLIMS.UserControlBook.resources
C:\Users\sbima\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SLIMS\SLIMS\obj\Debug\SLIMS.UserControlBookEdit.resources
C:\Users\sbima\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SLIMS\SLIMS\obj\Debug\SLIMS.AskAIControlAI.resources
C:\Users\sbima\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SLIMS\SLIMS\obj\Debug\SLIMS.AskAIControlUser.resources
